Update header policy markdown (#170)
buildingSMART/IFC4.x-IF: docs/IFC-file-header/README.md

| author               | user defined field to capture the author/creator of the IFC file | Evandro Alfieri                               |
| organization         | user defined field to capture the organization of the author     | buildingSMART Int.                            |
| preprocessor_version | name of the toolbox used to create the IFC file                  | MyToolboxName Version 1.0                     |

> | originating_system   | name of the application (including built number)                 | Autodesk - Revit 26 (ENU) - 26.0.0.0          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| originating_system   | name of the application (including build number)                 | Autodesk - Revit 26 (ENU) - 26.0.0.0          |
```

Author: [Updated](https://github.com/buildingSMART/IFC4.x-IF/pull/170/commits/9c487286f9108526563b13961b552faad6e57e9f)

> | originating_system   | name of the application (including built number)                 | Autodesk - Revit 26 (ENU) - 26.0.0.0          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| originating_system   | name of the application (including built number)                 | Acme Inc. - TNT BIM 2025 - 25.1.0.0          |
```

Author: Ah, I remember Acme from Looney Tunes / El Coyote :-) 

[Updated](https://github.com/buildingSMART/IFC4.x-IF/pull/170/commits/9c487286f9108526563b13961b552faad6e57e9f)

### description

The description field is parsed according to the grammar in the following PDF: https://standards.buildingsmart.org/documents/Implementation/ImplementationGuide_IFCHeaderData_Version_1.0.2.pdf

> The MVD/ViewDefinitions must be a comma separated list, each individual string must be no longer than 256 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MVD/ViewDefinitions must be a comma separated list and each individual string must be no longer than 256 characters.
```

Author: [Updated](https://github.com/buildingSMART/IFC4.x-IF/pull/170/commits/9c487286f9108526563b13961b552faad6e57e9f)

`Software Company Name` `-` `Application Name` `-` `Application Version`
- The dashes must be preceded and followed by white spaces
- _Software Company Name_ and _Application Name_ strings can contain white spaces or special characters other than the dash (e.g., `(`, `)`, `#`, `/`)
- _Application Version_ must be according to the [PEP440 standard](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440/); use only numbers and separators (i.e., `.`). Letters may only be used as part of a suffix. 
  - This suffix can be used to indicate an `alpha`, `beta` or release candidate (`rc`) version.

>   - The suffix shall use **exactly the following syntax**: `Application Version-modifier` where the modifier is one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The suffix must use the following syntax: `Application Version-modifier` where the modifier is one of the following:
```

Author: [Updated](https://github.com/buildingSMART/IFC4.x-IF/pull/170/commits/9c487286f9108526563b13961b552faad6e57e9f)
